src/pages/text-guides/casual-onboarding.md, before:

Setting up PlumbBuddy is fairly straightforward. There aren't really many ways it can go wrong, but if at any point you change your mind and want to go back and change something, you can use the Previous button in the bottom left. And if you get it all set up and *then* change your mind, you can change things in Settings.

---

### Step One: The Legal Stuff

When you first install and open PlumbBuddy, the first thing you’ll see is the End User License Agreement. You have to agree to this to use PlumbBuddy. Read through it, and then click the Next button at the bottom right.

![image](/img/PB-EULA.png)

---

### Themes

PlumbBuddy has a default light or dark theme based on your computer's settings, but you can choose from a varirty of other themes that are included. Some are light mode only, some are dark mode only, and some have both — these follow your computer's settings.

On the second tab, you can pick which one you want to use. Click on them to see what they look like, and click on them again to turn them off. Pick one (or none) for now, and then click next at the bottom right. If you want to, you can change your theme later in Settings.

This guide uses the default dark mode theme, but you can use whatever you want.

![image](/img/PB-theme-choice.png)

---

### Introductions

On the Introductions tab, you choose if you’re a Casual Player, an Enthusiast Player, or a Mod Creator. Which you choose decides what options are enabled for default for you, how much information is displayed, and what you can do with PlumbBuddy.

By default, Casual Players will be warned if you have an error file and if you’re missing ModGuard. Most Mod Health scans will be active, but you can turn them off in Settings afterwards, or by clicking Stop Telling Me when PlumbBuddy alerts you to something.

You can switch between types by clicking the circles at the top (blue for Casual, red for Enthusiast, or green for Creator) or by using the arrows on the sides of the picture.

Pick Casual (blue) and click Next at the bottom right.

![image](/img/PB-Casual-Bob.png)

---

### Folders

The folders tab is kind of important. Don't worry, PlumbBuddy will auto detect this information. For most people, it's fine to glance at it, make sure it looks okay, and move on.

Everything on this tab is required for PlumbBuddy to work. PlumbBuddy *needs* to know where your game and mods and downloads folder are, and where you want Archivist to put your save file backups if you choose to use Archivist — you don't need to use Archivist if you don't want to, but you do need to set a folder path.

At the top, PlumbBuddy will show:

* Your operating system (Windows or Mac) and its language (which is the language PlumbBuddy will use, assuming a translation in that language exists — it will default to American English if your language isn’t included) 
* If it detected the game installed using the EA app
* If it detected the game installed using Steam

![image](/img/PB-folders-OS.png)

If you have the game installed using both the EA app and Steam, you can pick which one is used by clicking the Select button underneath that install.

Below that, there are four boxes.

1. The top box is your User Data Folder. This is where your Mods folder is.
2. The second box is your Installation Folder. This is where the game is installed.
3. The third box is your Downloads Folder. By default, this is your computer's regular downloads folder, but you can change it to somewhere else if you want. This is used, for example, if you have a .zip file in your Mods folder and PlumbBuddy offers to move it out for you.
4. The fourth box is where Archivist will store its database, if you activate it. By default, it will be a folder in your Documents folder, but you can put it anywhere you want. If the folder doesn’t already exist, it will be created when you turn Archivist on.

![image](/img/PB-folders-files.png)

If you change any of these and then you want to go back to the default, click Reset Path for User Data and Downloads and Archivist, under your operating system at the top, and Select for Installation Files, under EA App/Steam.

If anything shows up red here, try clicking Reset Path or Select.

![image](/img/PB-folders-error.png)

Once you’ve checked these or changed them, click Next at the bottom right.

![image](/img/PB-folder-mac.png)
![image](/img/PB-folder-windows.png)

---

### Mod Health

Almost done!

This tab will tell PlumbBuddy some key things that you want it to tell *you*.

The first two will default to on, meaning that PlumbBuddy will warn you if you're missing ModGuard (which will try to warn you if you install a script with malware included) and if an error file appears in your The Sims 4 folder or your Mods folder (so that you can get help with it, which PlumbBuddy can guide you through).

The other two toggles are off by default. If you turn them on, they'll warn you if you don't have Better Exceptions or MC Command Center installed and help you find them. It's strongly recommended to have one or both of these, because the game's error files are... let's say... less than ideal. Both of these mods will give *improved* error file that can help you find the cause of your errors or give the people helping you more information to help you with, among other things.

Once you've made your decisions, click Next on the bottom right.

![image](/img/PB-Setup-ModHealth.png)

---

### PlumbBuddy Settings

Here are certain things that PlumbBuddy does by default that you can turn off, and things it doesn't do for you by default that you can turn on.

* You can turn on auto checking for PlumbBuddy updates, which is off by default. This would make sure that you alwyas know if your PlumbBuddy app has all the latest features and bug fixes.
* You can turn off offering to help you find mod update news after you’ve updated your game, which is on by default.
* You can turn off the global manifest package, which is on by default. This is a file that makes the information PB has about the mods installed in your mods folder available so that other mods can make use of it.
* You can turn on PlumbBuddy having an icon in the system tray on Windows, which is off by default.

Once you’ve made a decision, click Finish on the bottom right.

![image](/img/PB-PB%20settings.png)

And we're done!

---

Once you've finished the basic setup, PlumbBuddy will begin scanning your Mods folder for any issues. 

While that finishes, you might want to head over to [What You See When You Have PlumbBuddy Open](https://plumbbuddy.app/text-guides/casual-ui) to see what's happening.

Commit message:

Why is there always something left

src/pages/text-guides/casual-onboarding.md, after:

Setting up PlumbBuddy is fairly straightforward. There aren't really many ways it can go wrong, but if at any point you change your mind and want to go back and change something, you can use the Previous button in the bottom left. And if you get it all set up and *then* change your mind, you can change things in Settings.

---

### Step One: The Legal Stuff

When you first install and open PlumbBuddy, the first thing you’ll see is the End User License Agreement. You have to agree to this to use PlumbBuddy. Read through it, and then click the Next button at the bottom right.

![image](/img/PB-EULA.png "An image of the top of the End User License Agreement, with the other tabs visible as a line of circles along the top")

---

### Themes

PlumbBuddy has a default light or dark theme based on your computer's settings, but you can choose from a varirty of other themes that are included. Some are light mode only, some are dark mode only, and some have both — these follow your computer's settings.

On the second tab, you can pick which one you want to use. Click on them to see what they look like, and click on them again to turn them off. Pick one (or none) for now, and then click next at the bottom right. If you want to, you can change your theme later in Settings.

This guide uses the default dark mode theme, but you can use whatever you want.

![image](/img/PB-theme-choice.png "An image of some of the theme choices available in PlumbBuddy")

---

### Introductions

On the Introductions tab, you choose if you’re a Casual Player, an Enthusiast Player, or a Mod Creator. Which you choose decides what options are enabled for default for you, how much information is displayed, and what you can do with PlumbBuddy.

By default, Casual Players will be warned if you have an error file and if you’re missing ModGuard. Most Mod Health scans will be active, but you can turn them off in Settings afterwards, or by clicking Stop Telling Me when PlumbBuddy alerts you to something.

You can switch between types by clicking the circles at the top (blue for Casual, red for Enthusiast, or green for Creator) or by using the arrows on the sides of the picture.

Pick Casual (blue) and click Next at the bottom right.

![image](/img/PB-Casual-Bob.png "An image of the Introductions tab in PlumbBuddy. At the top are instructions to use the circles or arrows to choose. Below is an image of Bob Pancakes playing a video game, with a description of a casual player in front: 'I got PlumbBuddy because I want to play The Sims 4 with mods, but without any hassles. Don't bother me with a bunch of technical mumbo-jumbo. Just keep an eye on my mods, let me know when there's a problem, and give me an easy-to-follow way to fix it.'")

---

### Folders

The folders tab is kind of important. Don't worry, PlumbBuddy will auto detect this information. For most people, it's fine to glance at it, make sure it looks okay, and move on.

Everything on this tab is required for PlumbBuddy to work. PlumbBuddy *needs* to know where your game and mods and downloads folder are, and where you want Archivist to put your save file backups if you choose to use Archivist — you don't need to use Archivist if you don't want to, but you do need to set a folder path.

At the top, PlumbBuddy will show:

* Your operating system (Windows or Mac) and its language (which is the language PlumbBuddy will use, assuming a translation in that language exists — it will default to American English if your language isn’t included) 
* If it detected the game installed using the EA app
* If it detected the game installed using Steam

![image](/img/PB-folders-OS.png "An image showing that the user is using Windows and English (Canade), with a Reset Paths button below, and the EA App, with a Select button below, and a Steam symbol to the right with no button below")

If you have the game installed using both the EA app and Steam, you can pick which one is used by clicking the Select button underneath that install.

Below that, there are four boxes.

1. The top box is your User Data Folder. This is where your Mods folder is.
2. The second box is your Installation Folder. This is where the game is installed.
3. The third box is your Downloads Folder. By default, this is your computer's regular downloads folder, but you can change it to somewhere else if you want. This is used, for example, if you have a .zip file in your Mods folder and PlumbBuddy offers to move it out for you.
4. The fourth box is where Archivist will store its database, if you activate it. By default, it will be a folder in your Documents folder, but you can put it anywhere you want. If the folder doesn’t already exist, it will be created when you turn Archivist on.

![image](/img/PB-folders-files.png "An image of the folders as described above, with a Browse button to the right end of each box")

If you change any of these and then you want to go back to the default, click Reset Path for User Data and Downloads and Archivist, under your operating system at the top, and Select for Installation Files, under EA App/Steam.

If anything shows up red here, try clicking Reset Path or Select.

![image](/img/PB-folders-error.png "An image of an invalid Download Folder path, with 'Bruh... there's not even a folder there' in red at the bottom")

Once you’ve checked these or changed them, click Next at the bottom right.

![image](/img/PB-folder-mac.png "An image of a Mac user's folder settings")
![image](/img/PB-folder-windows.png "An image of a Windows user's folder settings")

---

### Mod Health

Almost done!

This tab will tell PlumbBuddy some key things that you want it to tell *you*.

The first two will default to on, meaning that PlumbBuddy will warn you if you're missing ModGuard (which will try to warn you if you install a script with malware included) and if an error file appears in your The Sims 4 folder or your Mods folder (so that you can get help with it, which PlumbBuddy can guide you through).

The other two toggles are off by default. If you turn them on, they'll warn you if you don't have Better Exceptions or MC Command Center installed and help you find them. It's strongly recommended to have one or both of these, because the game's error files are... let's say... less than ideal. Both of these mods will give *improved* error file that can help you find the cause of your errors or give the people helping you more information to help you with, among other things.

Once you've made your decisions, click Next on the bottom right.

![image](/img/PB-Setup-ModHealth.png "An inage of the Mod Health settings as described above: ModGuard (with a Twisted Mexi icon to the left) and the error setting (with a discord icon to the left) toggled on, then a heading Error Logging Option, with toggles for Mc Command Center and Better Exceptions toggled off, and a brief explanation of some of the benefits and drawbacks of each")

---

### PlumbBuddy Settings

Here are certain things that PlumbBuddy does by default that you can turn off, and things it doesn't do for you by default that you can turn on.

* You can turn on auto checking for PlumbBuddy updates, which is off by default. This would make sure that you alwyas know if your PlumbBuddy app has all the latest features and bug fixes.
* You can turn off offering to help you find mod update news after you’ve updated your game, which is on by default.
* You can turn off the global manifest package, which is on by default. This is a file that makes the information PB has about the mods installed in your mods folder available so that other mods can make use of it.
* You can turn on PlumbBuddy having an icon in the system tray on Windows, which is off by default.

Once you’ve made a decision, click Finish on the bottom right.

![image](/img/PB-PB%20settings.png "An image of the PlumbBuddy app settings, with 'Automatically check for updates' toggled off, 'Offer to find mod update news'when the game is patched' and 'Generate global manifest package' toddled on, and 'Show an icon in the system tray' toggled off")

And we're done!

---

Once you've finished the basic setup, PlumbBuddy will begin scanning your Mods folder for any issues. 

While that finishes, you might want to head over to [What You See When You Have PlumbBuddy Open](https://plumbbuddy.app/text-guides/casual-ui) to see what's happening.
