src/pages/text-guides/creator-features.md, before:

### [Mod Health](https://plumbbuddy.app/features/mod-health)

Once you have PlumbBuddy set up and some mods with manifests installed, PlumbBuddy will get to work helping you keep your game running as smoothly as possible.

You might get some alerts right away. PlumbBuddy will do its best to tell you what you need to do. You might be told you have a .zip file in your mods folder, where it’s not supposed to be, or that you have a missing requirement for a mod. You might get a recommendation to download a specific mod that will help you. Or you might have no alerts at all.

If you get an alert and want more information, there will be a question mark on the alert that you can click to bring you to the Mod Health guide's page.

![image](/img/PB-enth-mod-health.png "An image of the Mod Health tab of PlumbBuddy, with no alerts, the names of and all other tabs in a list at the left")

If you want to learn more about the scans themselves, go to the [Mod Health](https://plumbbuddy.app/text-guides/creator-mod-health) guide.

---

### Personal Notes

Personal Notes is a list of every .package and .ts4script file in your mods folder.

You can search by file name, folder name, Manifested Name (for mods that have PlumbBuddy manifests), notes you've made (Personal Notes), or date.

You can filter by file date or dates that you set (Personal Date), using beginning date (everything on or after that date), ending date (everything on or before that date), or between two dates.

You can sort each column.

You can combine these filters and searches to find just what you need. It's a great way to keep track of what's in your mods folder.

![image](/img/PB-personal-notes.png "The Personal Notes tab. Across the top is a search bar and boxes for From File Data, To File Date, From Personal Date, and To Personal Date. Below that is a list of files with their file path relative to the Mods folder, with the headings Mods Folder Path, File Date, Manifested Name, Personal Notes, and Personal Date.")

---

### [Catalog](https://plumbbuddy.app/features/catalog)

If you go to the Catalog tab, you’ll see all of the mods you currently have installed that have manifests. For each one, if the information is included in the manifest, you may see:

* The mod name
* A short description
* The download URL for the mod
* The name(s) of the creator(s)
* An Ask for Help button to seek help with the mod, which will give options to go to a support avenue specified by the creator if they listed one, or to go to a find general support (If you'd like to list a support venue, let us know — it's linked from the PlumbBuddy website, not in the manifest)
* Packs the mod requires (in green on the default theme)
* Packs the mod cannot be used with (in red on the default theme)
* Packs that the creator says will make using the mod better (in blue on the default theme)
* The files that are in the mod
* Any extra mods that the mod requires, as long as they have manifests themselves (dependencies)
* Any other mods that require the mod, as long as they have manifests themselves (dependants)

You can click buttons on the right of the file names or dependency/dependant to look at that file or that mod.

You can search the whole catalogue on the top right of the catalogue, and you can search the mod itself, if you need to, to the right side of the screen.

![image](/img/PB-catalog.png "An image of the Catalog tab, with a mod selected, showing the mod's name, link, creator, and required packs and an Ask For Help button at the top, with the files and required mod listed below.")

---

### [Mod Hound](https://plumbbuddy.app/features/mod-hound)

[Mod Hound](https://app.ts4modhound.com/) is a website created by [Lumpinou](https://www.patreon.com/lumpinou). It's a place where modders can list their mods, including if they were updated, if they're broken or obsolete or working fine with the current patch, and if they require other mods that are also listed on the site. Players can then have the website scan their mods folder for various things.

If you'd like to register for an account on Mod Hound, instructions are available [here](https://app.ts4modhound.com/index#modder_instructions).

Mod Hound has collaborated with PlumbBuddy to incorporate these scans into PlumbBuddy. On the Mod Hound tab, players can request that PlumbBuddy send a list of their mods to Mod Hound, and Mod Hound will send back a report that they can view in the app by clicking on the various parts of the report on the left.

It will give lists of:

* Outdated mods
* Duplicate mods
* Broken/Obsolete mods
* Incompatible mods
* Missing Requirements
* Unknown Status
* Up to Date
* Not Tracked

The report will only give advice about mods that the creator has listed on Mod Hound.

In addition, many of the files in the report will come with buttons to view the file in your mods folder and/or to go to the download page for the mod, or in the case of the missing requirement, to download that.

![image](/img/PB-ModHoundTab.png "The Mod Hound tab, with a dog at the top left and a report selected below that, but no results shown to the right. The background is a frog on a lily pad. Across the top are the other tabs.")

If you want to learn more about how to use Mod Hound withing PlumbBuddy, visit the [Mod Hound](https://plumbbuddy.app/text-guides/creator-mod-hound) guide.

---

### [Archivist](https://plumbbuddy.app/features/archivist)

Archivist is there to store and protect your saves.

If you turn Archivist on, it will automatically make backups of your save files, compressed into small files to optimize storage space. You'll no longer be limited to the five in-game slots that get overwritten when you save again, and you can go back to any point in your save's history by branching it or restoring it.

There are two toggles at the top right. The one on the left turns on Archivist and lets you look at files that have already been archived. The one on the right lets Archivist archive new save points. You can turn that one on permanently, or if your computer isn't up to running anything else while the game is running, you might want to just turn it on occasionally.

![image](/img/PB-Archivist.png "The Archivist tab, with a list of saves on the left. One is selected, showing a list of Snapshots on the right. At the top of the list of Snapshots is a sim in a red dress on the left and the name of the save and some details about it to the right. Across the top are the other tabs")

To learn more about Archivist, visit the [Archivist](https://plumbbuddy.app/text-guides/archivist) guide.

---

### [Parlay](https://plumbbuddy.app/features/parlay)

Have you found a mod that's perfect, but not available in your language? Maybe you know *enough* to get by, but would prefer that you could read it in game without effort. *Maybe* you even want to translate it and share it, but have no idea where to start.

Parlay is an easy way to translate almost any mod into the language of your choice. As you translate, it creates a translation file in your mods folder that you can use yourself, share with others, or share with the mod creator.

While not its purpose, it can also be used to customize the existing strings of a mod to your preference, by creating an override file to change just the text.

![image](/img/PB-ParlayTyping.png "The Parlay tab, with a mod translation from in progress")

For more information about translating with Parlay, please visit the [Parlay guide for translators](https://plumbbuddy.app/text-guides/player-parlay).

To learn more about Parlay as a mod creator, including how to incorporate translations created using Parlay into your own mods and how to credit translators in your manifests, visit the [Parlay](https://plumbbuddy.app/text-guides/creator-parlay) guide.

---

### [Runtime Mod Integration](https://plumbbuddy.app/features/runtime-mod-integration)

Runtime Mod Integration allows script mods to communicate and interact with PlumbBuddy.

Relational Data Storage (RDS) is storage accessible by script mods in two varieties: global or per save. GLobal storage is accessible from all saves and is stored with a player's PlumbBuddy files in a SQLite database. Storage per save is stored in the player's save file. RDS operates outside the simulation and so does not burden the game. For more information about RDS, please see [here](https://github.com/Llama-Logic/PlumbBuddy/wiki/Relational-Data-Storage).

UI Bridges allow script mods to display visual elements outside the game, in PlumbBuddy, as essentially a sandboxed website without access to the internet. UI Bridges can make use of RDS and PlumbBuddy's ability to catalogue the game's strings and images, and are only permitted to operate when allowed by the player. For more information about UI Bridges, please see [here](https://github.com/Llama-Logic/PlumbBuddy/wiki/UI-Bridge).

This is also the feature that allows mods to know if a player has a (or up to four) controller connected and what buttons are pressed at any given time. For more information on Alternative Input Devices, please see [here](https://github.com/Llama-Logic/PlumbBuddy/wiki/Alternative-Input-Devices).

![image](/img/PB-controller-monitoring.png "The hover information that appears when a player has a controller connected, showing which buttons are currently being pressed")

Commit message:

Added text that went missing

src/pages/text-guides/creator-features.md, after:

### [Mod Health](https://plumbbuddy.app/features/mod-health)

Once you have PlumbBuddy set up and some mods with manifests installed, PlumbBuddy will get to work helping you keep your game running as smoothly as possible.

You might get some alerts right away. PlumbBuddy will do its best to tell you what you need to do. You might be told you have a .zip file in your mods folder, where it’s not supposed to be, or that you have a missing requirement for a mod. You might get a recommendation to download a specific mod that will help you. Or you might have no alerts at all.

If you get an alert and want more information, there will be a question mark on the alert that you can click to bring you to the Mod Health guide's page.

![image](/img/PB-enth-mod-health.png "An image of the Mod Health tab of PlumbBuddy, with no alerts, the names of and all other tabs in a list at the left")

If you want to learn more about the scans themselves, go to the [Mod Health](https://plumbbuddy.app/text-guides/creator-mod-health) guide.

---

### Personal Notes

Personal Notes is a list of every .package and .ts4script file in your mods folder.

You can search by file name, folder name, Manifested Name (for mods that have PlumbBuddy manifests), notes you've made (Personal Notes), or date.

You can filter by file date or dates that you set (Personal Date), using beginning date (everything on or after that date), ending date (everything on or before that date), or between two dates.

You can sort each column.

You can combine these filters and searches to find just what you need. It's a great way to keep track of what's in your mods folder.

![image](/img/PB-personal-notes.png "The Personal Notes tab. Across the top is a search bar and boxes for From File Data, To File Date, From Personal Date, and To Personal Date. Below that is a list of files with their file path relative to the Mods folder, with the headings Mods Folder Path, File Date, Manifested Name, Personal Notes, and Personal Date.")

---

### [Catalog](https://plumbbuddy.app/features/catalog)

If you go to the Catalog tab, you’ll see all of the mods you currently have installed that have manifests. For each one, if the information is included in the manifest, you may see:

* The mod name
* A short description
* The download URL for the mod
* The name(s) of the creator(s)
* An Ask for Help button to seek help with the mod, which will give options to go to a support avenue specified by the creator if they listed one, or to go to a find general support (If you'd like to list a support venue, let us know — it's linked from the PlumbBuddy website, not in the manifest)
* Packs the mod requires (in green on the default theme)
* Packs the mod cannot be used with (in red on the default theme)
* Packs that the creator says will make using the mod better (in blue on the default theme)
* The files that are in the mod
* Any extra mods that the mod requires, as long as they have manifests themselves (dependencies)
* Any other mods that require the mod, as long as they have manifests themselves (dependants)

You can click buttons on the right of the file names or dependency/dependant to look at that file or that mod.

You can search the whole catalogue on the top right of the catalogue, and you can search the mod itself, if you need to, to the right side of the screen.

![image](/img/PB-catalog.png "An image of the Catalog tab, with a mod selected, showing the mod's name, link, creator, and required packs and an Ask For Help button at the top, with the files and required mod listed below.")

---

### [Mod Hound](https://plumbbuddy.app/features/mod-hound)

[Mod Hound](https://app.ts4modhound.com/) is a website created by [Lumpinou](https://www.patreon.com/lumpinou). It's a place where modders can list their mods, including if they were updated, if they're broken or obsolete or working fine with the current patch, and if they require other mods that are also listed on the site. Players can then have the website scan their mods folder for various things.

If you'd like to register for an account on Mod Hound, instructions are available [here](https://app.ts4modhound.com/index#modder_instructions).

Mod Hound has collaborated with PlumbBuddy to incorporate these scans into PlumbBuddy. On the Mod Hound tab, players can request that PlumbBuddy send a list of their mods to Mod Hound, and Mod Hound will send back a report that they can view in the app by clicking on the various parts of the report on the left.

It will give lists of:

* Outdated mods
* Duplicate mods
* Broken/Obsolete mods
* Incompatible mods
* Missing Requirements
* Unknown Status
* Up to Date
* Not Tracked

The report will only give advice about mods that the creator has listed on Mod Hound.

In addition, many of the files in the report will come with buttons to view the file in your mods folder and/or to go to the download page for the mod, or in the case of the missing requirement, to download that.

![image](/img/PB-ModHoundTab.png "The Mod Hound tab, with a dog at the top left and a report selected below that, but no results shown to the right. The background is a frog on a lily pad. Across the top are the other tabs.")

If you want to learn more about how to use Mod Hound withing PlumbBuddy, visit the [Mod Hound](https://plumbbuddy.app/text-guides/creator-mod-hound) guide.

---

### [Archivist](https://plumbbuddy.app/features/archivist)

Archivist is there to store and protect your saves.

If you turn Archivist on, it will automatically make backups of your save files, compressed into small files to optimize storage space. You'll no longer be limited to the five in-game slots that get overwritten when you save again, and you can go back to any point in your save's history by branching it or restoring it.

There are two toggles at the top right. The one on the left turns on Archivist and lets you look at files that have already been archived. The one on the right lets Archivist archive new save points. You can turn that one on permanently, or if your computer isn't up to running anything else while the game is running, you might want to just turn it on occasionally.

![image](/img/PB-Archivist.png "The Archivist tab, with a list of saves on the left. One is selected, showing a list of Snapshots on the right. At the top of the list of Snapshots is a sim in a red dress on the left and the name of the save and some details about it to the right. Across the top are the other tabs")

To learn more about Archivist, visit the [Archivist](https://plumbbuddy.app/text-guides/archivist) guide.

---

### [Parlay](https://plumbbuddy.app/features/parlay)

Have you found a mod that's perfect, but not available in your language? Maybe you know *enough* to get by, but would prefer that you could read it in game without effort. *Maybe* you even want to translate it and share it, but have no idea where to start.

Parlay is an easy way to translate almost any mod into the language of your choice. As you translate, it creates a translation file in your mods folder that you can use yourself, share with others, or share with the mod creator.

While not its purpose, it can also be used to customize the existing strings of a mod to your preference, by creating an override file to change just the text.

![image](/img/PB-ParlayTyping.png "The Parlay tab, with a mod translation from in progress")

For more information about translating with Parlay, please visit the [Parlay guide for translators](https://plumbbuddy.app/text-guides/player-parlay).

To learn more about Parlay as a mod creator, including how to incorporate translations created using Parlay into your own mods and how to credit translators in your manifests, visit the [Parlay](https://plumbbuddy.app/text-guides/creator-parlay) guide.

---

### [Pack Selector](https://plumbbuddy.app/features/pack-selector)

Pack Selector lets you choose which of your installed packs will load without having to load into the game and then *reload* the game. If you choose to enable the toggle at the bottom left of the window, it will show you pack names and sort Stuff Packs and Kits separately. Otherwise, you'll see the pack type (EP, GP, or SP for expansion/game/stuff pack; kits are a kind of stuff pack) and number along with its icon.

You can enable or disable all packs, all packs of a certain type, or whichever combination of packs you want.

PlumbBuddy will keep track of packs you disable using this pack selector and warn you if you have a manifested mod that requires a pack you've disabled. This isn't possible when using the game's own pack selector. If you have disabled packs using the in-game pack selector, PlumbBuddy will offer to clear that information out for you so that PlumbBuddy can give you the most accurate information.

This is done by adding command line arguments to the EA app or Steam that tells it not to load whichever packs you choose. It will only show packs you have installed.

![image](/img/PB-PackSelector-ToggleOff.png "The Pack Selector window, with a warning at the top telling you that disabling packs will remove it from your game, with packs listed by pack code toggled on below and a toggle in the bottom left in the off position which says 'Use PlumbBuddy.app Public Pack Catalog to Display Pack and Kit Names'")

![image](/img/PB-PackSelector-ToggleOn.png "The Pack Selector window, with a warning at the top telling you that disabling packs will remove it from your game, with packs listed by name toggled on below and a toggle in the bottom left in the on position which says 'Use PlumbBuddy.app Public Pack Catalog to Display Pack and Kit Names'")

---


### [Runtime Mod Integration](https://plumbbuddy.app/features/runtime-mod-integration)

Runtime Mod Integration allows script mods to communicate and interact with PlumbBuddy.

Relational Data Storage (RDS) is storage accessible by script mods in two varieties: global or per save. GLobal storage is accessible from all saves and is stored with a player's PlumbBuddy files in a SQLite database. Storage per save is stored in the player's save file. RDS operates outside the simulation and so does not burden the game. For more information about RDS, please see [here](https://github.com/Llama-Logic/PlumbBuddy/wiki/Relational-Data-Storage).

UI Bridges allow script mods to display visual elements outside the game, in PlumbBuddy, as essentially a sandboxed website without access to the internet. UI Bridges can make use of RDS and PlumbBuddy's ability to catalogue the game's strings and images, and are only permitted to operate when allowed by the player. For more information about UI Bridges, please see [here](https://github.com/Llama-Logic/PlumbBuddy/wiki/UI-Bridge).

This is also the feature that allows mods to know if a player has a (or up to four) controller connected and what buttons are pressed at any given time. For more information on Alternative Input Devices, please see [here](https://github.com/Llama-Logic/PlumbBuddy/wiki/Alternative-Input-Devices).

![image](/img/PB-controller-monitoring.png "The hover information that appears when a player has a controller connected, showing which buttons are currently being pressed")
